The following text files represent the different databases that this program will contain:

							Game_BasicInfo_RANDOMSTRING.txt

Purpose: This text file represents the initial tournament information. 

Column 0	Column 1		Column 2	Column 3	Column 4	Column 5	Column 6	Column 7
ID			Organizer Name	Min Teams	Max Teams	Min_Players	Max_Players	Format		Deadline_y

What each one means: 

ID - int - A unique ID associated with each tournament
Organizer Name - String - The name of the person who started the tournament.
Min Teams - int - The minimum number of teams necessary for the tournament
Max Teams - int - The maximum number of teams necessary for the tournament
Min Players - int - The minimum number of players necessary for the tournament. 
Max Players - int - The maximum number of players necessary for the tournament.
Format - String - The format of the tournament.
Deadline_y - String - The year of the deadline.  
Deadline_m - String - The month of the deadline.  
Deadline_d - String - The day of the deadline.

  
								Game_RANDOMSTRING.txt

Purpose: This text file represents the text file that is created once the tournament starts.

Column 0	Column 1	Column 2	Column 3 	Column 4
Team1		Team2 		Winner		Venue		gameTime

Team1 - Team - The first Team in the game.
Team2 - Team - The second Team in the game.
Winner - Team - The winning Team of the game.
Venue - Venue - The venue the game is taking place. 
gameTime - Date - The data that the game is taking place. 

																
								Tournament_Listing.txt 
								
Purpose: To list all the tournaments for a user to search for. To be used to update/delete a tournament  
when a tournament starts. 

Column 0	Column 1 	Column 2	Column 3			Column 4
Game_ID		tName		Organizer	numTeamsSigned		Max Teams

Game_ID - String - Game_ID of the tournament  
tName - String - The name of tournament 
Organizer - String - The name of the organizer running the tournament.
numTeamsSigned - int - The number of teams of registered for the tournament 
Max Teams - int - The maximum number of teams allowed for the tournament. 


								Tournamnet_Archive
								


